# Privacy Policy

Last updated: October 9, 2020

We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.

The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to fqcdn.

- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- **Service** refers to the fqcdn website, accessible from www.fqcdn.xyz, and apps made by the Company for computers, tablets and phones.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

## Information Collection and Use

### Usage Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, we and our Service Providers may collect information that your browser or our apps send to us that is called Usage Data. Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and other statistics.

Specific to our "Fair VPN" app, we do NOT collect data of VPN usage, including no logging of your VPN configurations or network traffic. Note that the VPN feature in this app is a VPN client that conforms with several VPN protocols, and we don't operate VPN servers or provide VPN services by ourselves. If you use VPN servers from other providers, we strongly advise you to review their terms of service and privacy policy. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of any third party VPN service providers.

### Use of Collected Data

The Company may use the collected data to provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

We will not disclose the collected data to third parties except to the extent necessary including:

- If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale.
- If required by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
- To comply with a legal obligation.
- To protect and defend the rights or property of the Company.
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
- To protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public.
- To protect against legal liability.

## Retention of Collected Data

The Company will retain the collected data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

## Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

- To facilitate our Service
- To provide the Service on our behalf
- To perform Service-related services

## Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Third Party Websites and Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Apps made by the Company may enable access to third-party websites. Note that these external sites and third-party websites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by emailing support [at] fqcdn.xyz
